# Term-Project
Final project for my ECS 102 - Introduction to Computing (in Java) course. I took this course during my freshman year in the Fall semester.

The rules of this game are simple. If you get into a battle (expect many) then you should type in a command in the exact name of the attack you want to use. Additionally, if you want to check your stats then feel free to open that stats file. Stats are categorized into three main attributes, intuition, power, and influence. As you progress through the game your stats will grow from the choices you make, the items you obtain, and the battles you go through. These stats will help you in battle in that, depending on the number of each stat, you will do more or less damage depending. For each battle you win you obtain wealth of you defeated enemy’s. If you have to make a choice, please enter the number for each choice listed in the text. So for example, if you’re given choices 1. Fight 2. Sue 3. Slap, enter either 1,2, or 3. Additionally if you choose and invalid choice your turn in the battle will be skipped. So referring to the previous example, if you input something other than 1,2, or 3 the player for that turn will do nothing. When a battle is won all your stats will grow because the donors and patrons of your opponent now support you. Also, when the program gives you an input bar, but there is no specific input prompted, then just press enter as this bar acts as a program stopper so time can be given to the user to process the texts presented. You will be prompted when a decision needs to be made. 

Your story starts like this; You're essentially a bum on the streets of New York City. You ended up this way after you were called into the office of your boss and were told two words by him, “You’re fired.”. Thankfully you're in the land of opportunity and your ultimate goal is to get even with the man that fired you by overtaking his fortune. As of now however you're nothing but a bum with 115 dollars to your name.

Now that you’re familiar with the rules and lore of the game, please decide your character’s starting stats. You have twelve points to assign with. Also enter a catch phrase into the catch phrase text file. This will be said through the entire game and can be changed after every battle! Have fun!

